What I love about Nicole.

She makes people feel comfortable about even embarrassing things.

-You look like you care about animals. -Yes, I do.

She really listens when someone is talking.

Do you wanna sign up here?

You know what?

It's funny, I actually signed up for this but I never heard from you guys.

Sometimes she listens too much for too long.

Okay, if you email me here--

-Thank you so much. Have a good day. -Good luck.

She's a good citizen.

-Just call him. -I'm not calling.

She always knows the right thing to do when it comes to difficult family sh*t.

Call him.

I get stuck in my ways and she knows when to push me and when to leave me alone.

She cuts all our hair.

Yeah!

She's always inexplicably brewing a cup of tea that she doesn't drink.

And it's not easy for her to put away a sock or close a cabinet or do a dish, but she tries for me.

Nicole grew up in LA around actors and directors and movies and TV, and is very close to her mother, Sandra, and Cassie, her sister.

Note the wrapping.

Nicole gives great presents.

She is a mother who plays, really plays.

She never steps off playing or says it's too much.

Mom.

And it must be too much some of the time.

"...chopped down a Christmas tree..."

All right.

Nice. Two, three, four.

What?

Are you kidding me? I was just in jail!

g*dd*mn it!

Do not laugh at me. Stop it.

She's competitive.

She's amazing at opening jars because of her strong arms, which I've always found very sexy.

She keeps the fridge over-full.

No one is ever hungry in our house.

She can drive a stick.

How could you?

After that movie, All Over the Girl, she could have stayed in LA and been a movie star, but she gave that up to do theater with me in New York.

You might as well get what you paid for.

She's brave.

She's a great dancer.

Infectious.

She makes me wish I could dance.

She always says when she doesn't know something or hasn't read a book or seen a film or a play, whereas I fake it or say something like, "I haven't seen that in awhile."

My crazy ideas are her favorite things to figure out how to execute.

Let's try it...

crawling...

but also standing.

She's my favorite actress.

What I love about Charlie.

Charlie is undaunted.

He never lets other people's opinions or any setbacks keep him from what he wants to do.

Charlie eats like he's trying to get it over with and like there won't be enough food for everyone.

A sandwich is to be strangled while devoured.

Is your shirt on backwards?

But he's incredibly neat, and I rely on him to keep things in order.

So...

He's energy-conscious.

Hey.

Sorry.

He doesn't look in the mirror too often.

I cried four times.

Me too.

He cries easily in movies.

I wonder if it was the same four.

He's very self-sufficient.

He can darn a sock and cook himself dinner and iron a shirt.

How are we doing over here?

The peppers are cut.

He rarely gets defeated, which...

I feel like I always do.

...cut some carrots.

Charlie takes all of my moods steadily.

He doesn't give in to them or make me feel bad about them.

He's a great dresser.

He never looks embarrassing, which is hard for a man.

g*dd*mn it, Charlie, get it together!

He's very competitive.

Oh, come on!

-What's this? Who owns Baltic Avenue? -Me.

How much is it? I don't have enough.

Four hundred and fifty dollars.

Okay, so I'm done? I'm done, right? That's it?

This is so frustrating!

This is so frustrating. I always lose at this game.

-Dad? -He loves being a dad.

He loves all the things you're supposed to hate, like the tantrums, the waking up at night.

I had a bad dream.

It's okay.

It's almost annoying how much he likes it, but then it's mostly nice.

Dad, stay.

He disappears into his own world.

sh*t.

-What's sh*t? -This is our stop.

He and Henry are alike in that way.

He can tell people when they have food in their teeth or on their face in a way that doesn't make them feel bad.

Did you get it? Perfect.

Charlie is self-made.

His parents...

I only met them once, but... he told me there was a lot of alcohol and some v*olence in his childhood.

As soon as she comes with a lookout, they come in on the camcorder.

-Camcorder. -Is that what they're called now?

He moved to New York from Indiana with no safety net.

And now he's more New Yorker than any New Yorker.

Made sure they used the right almond milk.

Genius.

He's brilliant at creating family out of whoever is around.

With the theater company, he cast a spell that made everyone feel included.

No one, not even an intern, was unimportant.

He could remember all the inside jokes.

Where do you go when it's windy?

Oh, yeah, that... that was funny.

He's extremely organized and thorough.

He's very clear about what he wants, unlike me, who can't always tell.

Let's stop right there.

Who wants to start?

I'm not gonna read this out loud.

Why is that?

Because I don't like what I wrote.

As we mediate your separation and eventual divorce... things can get quite contentious.

So I like to begin with a note of positivity for the people I work with to remember why they got married in the first place.

And so that, as you come apart, you're reminded that... this is a person you had great feeling for, and maybe still do in many ways.

I'll read mine. I like what I wrote.

For it to really work, you both have to read.

I'm not going to.

Okay, um...

I just think it's a shame that you guys aren't gonna get to hear the wonderful things you wrote about each other.

She always says I can't write, but I think mine's pretty good.

Nicole, maybe you'd change your mind once you heard Charlie's.

I don't wanna hear Charlie's.

We promised to listen.

That's right.

That's the very first step in this process.

Well, I think I'm gonna go if you two are gonna just sit around and suck each other's dicks.

How can this evil allow moderation?

How can this evil allow moderation?

How can it be right to betray the departed?

How is it human to be so... faithless?

I want no praise from impious men.

No home with them of quiet ease.

Noble blood still runs in my veins.

Shall I fail my father... stifling my cries, clipping the wings of grief?

Must his corpse in the ground wretchedly waste away, feebly count for nothing?

Must his K*llers gloat, -never to pay with blood for blood? -Must his K*llers gloat, ...never to pay with blood for blood?

Charlie gave me the note, but it's really for you.

-He told me to pick up my cues. -How is that for me?

Acting is reacting.

-I'm responding to you. -I got intimate.

-And you're slowing me down. -Frank, it's closing night, you know.

You don't think Charlie and Nicole will ever get back together?

No, I think this time it's really over.

It still feels weird.

I feel like my parents are splitting up.

It's always been Charlie and Nicole.

-Is Charlie still giving notes? -Yep.

You're lucky. I wish I was going to LA.

You can actually have space in LA. There's no space here.

But there's no winter.

Ladies and gentlemen, I wanna make a toast to Charlie and to our beloved Nicole, who is going to be going out on a new adventure all the way to sunny California.

And we are also going to try something new.

We are going to take our play to Broadway.

Yeah!

It reminds me of when I was a young person and went to Broadway for the first time.

And I'm telling you, winning your first Tony at 27, it can mess with your head.

I mean, I was just a baby.

-Elia Kazan was backstage... -I'm gonna go over there now.

-Don't do it. Mary Ann? -...elbowing Mike Nichols.

And Mike was jabbing with Dietrich, and Marlene, you know, she usually was a barrel of monkeys, but tonight she was very, very serious. And of course...

-Could you give me a second? -...later I realized, "My, but that--"

Well, I'd have to study it, but I'd say you got...

-Hi. -Oh.

Hey, I didn't expect you guys home until late.

-How's he doing? -Good. He went to bed on time.

No fuss. Read him some of Cricket in Time Square.

God, you guys are so attractive.

sh*t. Sorry, I didn't stop that from being said.

No, it's okay.

I'll pay for the whole time. We decided to come home early.

Hey, thanks. And also...

...conversation as well as anybody, but I've gotta run.

Hasta pronto, if you know what l mean.

-You're leaving? -Well, I ain't movin' in.

Oh, we'll be back when you get your--

If you don't like that mediator, we'll find another one.

-Yeah. -We might not need a mediator.

We'll split everything anyway, I don't care.

-Me neither. -You can have most of it.

We'll get apartments near each other, make it easier for Henry.

We'll figure it out. We want the same things.

-Right. -Meantime, the pilot will be fun for you.

You don't think it's bad, do you?

I don't ever watch TV, so, you know, I can't tell.

I told Henry I'd come out to LA in two weeks to see him.

Yes?

Nothing.

I can tell you wanna give me a note.

No, I don't.

Yeah, I mean... yes, I do, but I guess...

I guess it doesn't matter now.

You won't be with the show anymore. It's stupid.

You're not gonna be able to sleep until you tell me.

Maybe not.

Okay, then.

So there are two things.

I thought your posture at the top of scene seven is still too dignified.

Okay.

And then... at the end, I could tell you were pushing for the emotion.

Well, you know I can't cry on stage and I know you don't like it when I fake it, but...

I thought maybe tonight it would come, but... it didn't.
